
Hello
Hello! How would you describe your relationship with yourself?
I got a lotta issues to sort out but I don't hate myself I spose
What are some specific issues you are currently trying to sort out?
Mental health issues first, OCD and ADHD
I'm sorry to hear that you're dealing with mental health issues. It's important to take care of ourselves. Can you tell me more about how these conditions affect your daily life and how you cope with them?
Well OCD just spins around and around in my head constantly, getting me stuck on one thought or subject for days, weeks, maybe months. I cope using exposure response therapy for that. ADHD makes it hard to do anything, really, like studying. I use medications to cope with both
How do you feel these conditions have impacted your overall well-being and daily functioning?
They distract me and make it hard to do things I actually want to do
What specific distractions are you referring to and how do they affect your ability to pursue the things you want to do?

What are your biggest fears and how do they affect your daily life?

What are your biggest fears and how do they affect your daily life?
I get distracted by my thoughts and it prevents me from enjoying my hobbies
What specific thoughts tend to distract you the most when you're trying to engage in your hobbies?
None specifically
What are some of your deepest fears and how do they affect your daily life?
I guess death is my deepest fear? doesn't really interfere with daily life tho
What is it about death that makes it your deepest fear?
uhh, it's death? non-existence? that's scary
What are your thoughts and feelings about the concept of death and non-existence?
I don't like the concept of death and non-existence
Why do you find the concept of death and non-existence unsettling?
because I like being alive
What aspects of being alive do you particularly enjoy?
doing stuff, people, nature, music, my hobbies
What is it about doing stuff, people, nature, music, and your hobbies that brings you the most joy and fulfillment in life?
they're fun
What is it about them that you find fun?
Goodbye!
Goodbye! Before you go, can you tell me what brings you the most joy in life?