
Hi, I'm Jef. It's lovely to meet you.
Hello Jef, it's nice to meet you too. Can you tell me about a time when you faced a difficult challenge and how you handled it?
I had to study for an exam which involved remembering lots of random pieces of information. In order to succeed in it I ended up going over the subject matter for a couple of days and creating mnemonics to draw connections between the pieces of information in such a way that I could remember them on the day of the exam.
How would you describe your approach to problem-solving and learning new information?
For problem-solving I would often try to find people who would be able to lend me assistance on the matter or give me a greater understanding of the context around the problem. Learning new information is something I rarely force myself to do outside of academic environments, so either the information comes to me naturally or else I don't go to a particular effort to memorise it.
What motivates you to seek assistance from others when problem-solving instead of trying to solve the problem on your own?
"I'm Stuff" (he/him) - Today at 2:08 PM
What are some of your favorite hobbies or activities that bring you joy?
The motivation would often be the fact that I am aware that the problem exists and that I am unable to solve it myself. If I am confident that I can solve the problem myself I will often aim to minimise the involvement and knowledge of other people regarding the problem
What are some specific examples of problems that you have faced where you felt confident in solving them yourself without involving others?
Last week at work I was involved in a situation where I had sent incorrect information to a third party. Once I noticed the mistake I got in contact with the third party directly by email and asked for the information to be sent back to me so I could complete it properly. I got the information back and amended it so that it was correct, then resubmitted it. Nobody else working in my office knew and I did not tell them about the situation or ask them for advice.
How did you feel about handling the situation on your own without seeking help or advice from your colleagues?
I was a bit nervous that a superior would find out about the problem and ask me why I did not inform them at an earlier stage.
How do you typically handle situations when you feel nervous or anxious about potential consequences?
I try to keep a clear head and persevere.
What strategies or techniques do you use to maintain a clear head and persevere?
Goodbye!
Why do you feel the need to say goodbye?